README.md, before:

<p align="center"> 
    <img alt="nos3" src="./.assets/images/nos3.svg" width="150" height="150" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">
NOS3
</h1>

<br/>

<h2 align="center">Nostr Simple Storage Service</h2>

<br/>


The NOS3 is Blossom protocol implementation aimed and designed to be **scalable**, **high-performance**, **configurable**, and **safe**. It's a good choice for paid services or big community servers and not a good choice for a personal usage.

## Supported BUDs

Here is a list of supported BUDs:

- [ ] BUD-01

 <!--adding the rest of BUDs  -->

## Updates

Updates, changes, or community discussions can be followed on the GitHub issue/discussion or the [Dezh Technologies Nostr profile](https://njump.me/dezh.tech).

## Contribution

All kinds of contributions are welcome!
Read the [Contribution guides](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before any code contribution.

## Donation

Donations and financial support for the development process are possible using Bitcoin and Lightning:

**on-chain**:

```
bc1qa0z44j7m0v0rx85q0cag5juhxdshnmnrxnlr32
```

**lightning**: 

```
dezh@coinos.io
```

## License

The NOS3 software is published under the [MIT License](./LICENSE) and contributing and using this code means you agree with the license.

Commit message:

docs(readme): adding buds and features.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"> 
    <img alt="nos3" src="./.assets/images/nos3.svg" width="150" height="150" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">
NOS3
</h1>

<br/>

<h2 align="center">Nostr Simple Storage Service</h2>

<br/>


The NOS3 is a Blossom protocol implementation designed to be scalable, high-performance, configurable, and safe. It's a good choice for paid services or big community servers, but not for personal usage.

## Supported BUDs

Here is a list of supported BUDs:

- [ ] BUD-01: Server requirements and blob retrieval
- [ ] BUD-02: Blob upload and management
- [ ] BUD-03: User Server List
- [ ] BUD-04: Mirroring blobs
- [ ] BUD-05: Media optimization
- [ ] BUD-06: Upload requirements
- [ ] BUD-08: Nostr File Metadata Tags
- [ ] BUD-09: Blob Report
- [ ] BUD-12: Media servers information document

## Features

- [ ] Hosting blobs using S3, not disk storage
- [ ] Blob Compression and Size processing(?)
- [ ] Object detection and CASM reporting
- [ ] Statistics

## Updates

Updates, changes, or community discussions can be followed on the GitHub issue/discussion or the [Dezh Technologies Nostr profile](https://njump.me/dezh.tech).

## Contribution

All kinds of contributions are welcome!
Read the [Contribution guides](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before any code contribution.

## Donation

Donations and financial support for the development process are possible using Bitcoin and Lightning:

**on-chain**:

```
bc1qa0z44j7m0v0rx85q0cag5juhxdshnmnrxnlr32
```

**lightning**: 

```
dezh@coinos.io
```

## License

The NOS3 software is published under the [MIT License](./LICENSE) and contributing and using this code means you agree with the license.
